are you guys holding up are you hungry
can I get you anything is there anything
anyone needs you know this is a show
about the movies and you really can't
have movies without candy it's on
American right I mean yeah popcorn too
but we don't have that if you close your
eyes and wish very hard go ahead close
your eyes and wish it's Hollywood little
bad of Red Vines and Junior Mints will
appear from the side raining down on
here
your delight
[Applause]
don't hurt each other
they give and enjoy
time to find out how well those banks
really work you know next year we should
give out the awards this way this by the
way is sunny power he's in the movie
lion and great job movie he did a great
job in the movie that's fun for you what
have you been eating any of the candy
that we dropped down from the sky yes
and which one do you like better the red
vines or the other one anyone anyone
would you like some more yes hey did you
I know you're in lying - have you seen
the Lion King yes I see it you did did
you like it
well you want to do the thing where the
Lion King list is the kid up in the air
yes okay I'll be the kid you look me up
in the air
alright hoo this microphone alright here
we go we have the music you have the
lighting music here we go
[Applause]
that's live action crystal
there you go I know it's getting late
some of you were probably disappointed
you didn't win so I have a little
surprise candies great but if you want
something more substantial I can provide
that do you're hungry a little bit extra
okay would you like cookies and donuts
release the cookies in Joe does
[Applause]
might have been heavy over the other
like a horror movie was literally
falling from the sky okay now that you
have Donuts release the coffee
do you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy